c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Figure.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\MainForm.MainForm.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\MainForm.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Figure.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\MainForm.exe.config
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\MainForm.exe
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\MainForm.pdb
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\ClassFigure.dll
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\ClassFigure.pdb
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\MainForm.exe
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\MainForm.pdb
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\Tao.FreeGlut.dll
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\Tao.OpenGl.dll
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\Tao.Platform.Windows.dll
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\Tao.FreeGlut.xml
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\Tao.OpenGl.xml
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\bin\Debug\Tao.Platform.Windows.xml
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Model_View.BallControl.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Model_View.BallViewer.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Model_View.ParallelepipedContrlol.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Model_View.ParallelepipedViewer.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Model_View.PiramidControl.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Model_View.PiramidViewer.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Model_View.ObjectControl.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\Model_View.ObjectViewer.resources
c:\users\greed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\MainForm.NewFigures.resources
C:\Users\GREED\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\MainForm.DrawFigure.resources
C:\Users\GREED\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassFigure\MainForm\obj\Debug\MainForm.DrawFigureControl.resources
